#EXTM3U
# Playlist created by xtiantrelles (revisión 27/abr/2022) 
#EXTINF:690.49,Robert Plant and Alison Krauss: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srn5Cd9yR3Y
#EXTINF:928.983,Lenny Kravitz: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17mKFPut4FI
#EXTINF:875.041,Sting And Shaggy: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdneye4pzMw
#EXTINF:0,Coldplay: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j82L3pLjb_0
#EXTINF:1126.13,Wilco: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZAKTCeE70Y
#EXTINF:0,Adele: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfzpYcwiUrA
#EXTINF:919.21,Gary Clark Jr.: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjFo6l4c-oc
#EXTINF:0,Carlos Vives: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvVqaCs-K_8
#EXTINF:0,Camilo: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlZuFh0KUvc
#EXTINF:919.46,Natalia Lafourcade: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JODaYjDyjyQ
#EXTINF:1199.24,Jorge Drexler: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn6rgisZm1M
#EXTINF:1115.74,Monsieur Periné: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGL-eQAAxGs
#EXTINF:737.612,Diego El Cigala: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q9uIhuvUKc
#EXTINF:1,The Linda Lindas: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USdiumz1ZFM
#EXTINF:1061.31,Juanes & Mon Laferte: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWjihS2LHLs
#EXTINF:1133.3,Café Tacvba: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O70s9aV_9_Q
#EXTINF:1,Mon Laferte: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dy4pEFFbFsA
#EXTINF:1,Julieta Venegas: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lLnpEv_9dw
#EXTINF:697.23,Juanes: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TG6NqII3Zuw
#EXTINF:2106.48,Sheryl Crow: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCcmk4-FZwY
#EXTINF:1,Mariachi Flor De Toloache: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rl26QKPHtE
#EXTINF:0,The Lumineers: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysdjtyV_DuY
#EXTINF:731.189,Billy Corgan: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaSN_bHjyIw
#EXTINF:957.99,Dua Lipa: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4neLJQC1_E
#EXTINF:1,Tash Sultana: Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVDJ8O3lPBA
#EXTINF:1,Ed Sheeran: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MsoqUv5gv4
#EXTINF:1,Alicia Keys - Fallin' NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuF7_MAekvU
#EXTINF:637.136,Foster The People: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMnDHUKGMWs
#EXTINF:1,Pixies: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcFHOGZ-6aM
#EXTINF:1115.45,The Black Crowes: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0GoWhQgxyQ
#EXTINF:1006.13,Corinne Bailey Rae: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h--fvyPu5e4
#EXTINF:1,Dave Matthews: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieoiAeL-uow
#EXTINF:930.48,C. Tangana: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SW6L_lTrIFg
#EXTINF:740.917,Sting: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87_1W4P1F2A
#EXTINF:1,The Cranberries: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxsJvKYyVyg
#EXTINF:1,Weezer: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8UKQJZsv4o
#EXTINF:1,Suzanne Vega: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AndEMO__p2U
#EXTINF:760.55,Paramore: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t-nRXwAL1k
#EXTINF:1,Phoenix: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0BPaY6_9hs
#EXTINF:917.624,Aimee Mann: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgYT7zB3w5M
#EXTINF:1676.13,Natalie Merchant: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOdsAE8Mq7I
#EXTINF:1212.5,Dinosaur Jr.: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxbGf_JyvVs
#EXTINF:783,Wet Leg: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJUUnXZVIfY
#EXTINF:1,Courtney Barnett: NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xv-FOSJIwrU
